---
layout: post
title: IGVC
shorttitle: 2016 - IGVC
---

The IGVC Committee has decided to defer entering the 2016 IGVC Competition in
June in order to focus on preparing new members.

While the robot has many of
its features ready for competition, training new members with the necessary
skills to continue participating in the competition in the future is our current
objective.  As some of the current members and advising students graduate before
the 2017 competition, preparing team members who will participate in the
competition for future years is vital to keeping RAS active and competitive for
this competition.   Graduating members are still helping with the committee
through passing on their experience and knowledge of the systems necessary,
knowing that their efforts will be rewarded when the robot enters competition.

IGVC is still scheduled to enter the 2017 competition with its current members.
While we may not be entering this year, new people are always welcome to join
and learn what is necessary for IGVC to compete and win.  Right now we are
analyzing the physical system of the robot and replacing any parts that are in
disrepair.  In addition, we are working on the control set-up for manually
driving the robot, changing it from acceleration-based controls to
velocity-based controls.  For the software portion, we are setting up the
electronic emergency brake and remote associated with it.  We plan on continuing
our work for the remainder of the semester and resume work at the beginning of
the Fall 2016 semester.
