---
layout: post
title: Dancebot - Kicking It into High Gear
imagepath: resources/blog/2020-05-06-dancebot
shorttitle: 2020 - Demobot
---

We recently had our first meeting as the new Demobots Dancebot Team, and there was a lot of interest on working on the project! The team right now consists of internal members, but once the new semester starts, anyone looking for a cool Demobots project can join.

A little bit of history before I discuss our future plans: Dancebot is a subgroup of the Demobots team that was created back in Fall of 2017 (as far as I know). Dancebot is one of the robots we show off at outreach events; it's very easy to start up and simple to play with.

Dancebot was renewed in Fall 2019 by a team of Robotathon participants. They envisioned an extension to current project (a single robot and web application) - a swarm of dancebots dancing in sync with each other. However, they met with an untimely end, and I haven't heard from them ever since.

In March, Region V decided to disband the group since it was unlikely that we would be able to attend the conference (for more reasons on this, you might want to see our Region V blog post). However, we are loathe to disassemble the current R5 robot and decided to repurpose it as a Dancebot Mothership.

TLDR; we have rebanded as the new Dancebot team with some other RAS members, and are continuing last Fall's Dancebot swarm plan with a Mothership robot.

Okay, now to the future plans:


If you're interested on learning more about this project, you can join our slack at utras.slack.com and message me (@RoboticFish) or email me at matthewjkyu@gmail.com.

Author: Matthew Yu
