---
layout: post
title: IGVC - Semester Overview
imagepath: resources/blog/2020-05-07-IGVC
shorttitle: 2020 - IGVC
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

This past semester IGVC worked diligently on constructing a self-driving robot. This included assembling the main frame, welding together the body, lathing axles down to size, 3D printing boards and covers, and a multitude of other things. <!--more--> The primary focus was to assemble the robot in a timely manner so that the software team could have ample time to diagnose any errors, fine tune different settings, etc.

Due to the COVID-19 outbreak in mid-semester, however, we were unable to complete construction to its fruition. So, looking forward to the future we are aiming our sights on an efficient completion of the robot within the few first months of returning to campus. To make up for the time lost during the spring semester, we should plan on doing as much as possible over the summer break. Whether that's wiring electrical components, meeting with the software team, or other measures to be taken so that when it comes time to be present with the robot, we could make assembly as streamlined as possible.

To be clear, there is a diverse work layout ahead of us including mechanical, electrical, and software aspects. So, if anyone is interested in building an autonomous vehicle, coding it, or even working on electrical components please feel free to reach out to me as I would love to get you started with this club. Regardless of your engineering background or even if you're not an engineering major, please come check us out. We'd love to have you! Definitely email me at pjmathews731@utexas.edu if you have any questions or are looking to join!

Author: Peter Mathews
