---
layout: post
title: Demobots - Semester Wrap-Up
imagepath: resources/blog/2020-05-04-demobot
shorttitle: 2020 - Demobot
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

Wow, quite a lot has happened in the last few weeks. Quarantine, unfortunately, brought the spring semester to a halt a little early for RAS, but here’s what happened this semester, and what to look forward to for the fall:

<!--more-->

##### Robot Couch:

Have you seen that couch driving around campus? Well, it’s getting a makeover! A new couch was shipped to the RAS office just before spring break, so the fall should see this new couch getting attached to the frame and potentially getting some other features as well.

##### Dance bot (swarm):

They're multiplying!! Our beloved Region 5 bot is going to be repurposed this fall as a “mother ship” to carry around our current dance bot and hopefully some of its new siblings.

##### Polargraph:

The heavy design for a polargraph easel was redesigned this spring to instead consist of two lighter, more mobile, stand pieces. A new pen holder with ball bearings was printed and attached this spring as well. The polargraph team is hoping to search for solutions to the shaking/precision of the pen in the fall.

##### IGVC: 

One of our biggest demobots projects is getting its own committee! If you would like to learn more about the IGVC competition or our robot, head over to their page or check out their blog posts.

To make up for the time we lost this semester we will have lots to do in the fall. If you're interested in joining Demobots please reach out to a member or email me at cmonty@utexas.edu. We can’t wait to see you at the next meeting!

Author: Caitlin Montgomery
